Now that we have the ability to create new question and edit the question
Another thing that we should have is the ability to delete the question.
I think implementing this feature is easier than adding or updating the question.
All we need to do is provide a button and we'll place it after edit button here and then handle the logic
in questions controller.
Alright, let's go ahead and create new branch
OK
Let's switch to index.blade.php
go to edit button
and as I said, we'll place our delete button after this edit button
but for this time, we cannot use regular anchor tag in this case because if you remember the route
for delete question using delete http method.
So let me show it to you.
As you can see here the route name: `questions.destroy`
the action will be QuestionsController at
destroy and the method is delete.
So here we need to use a form such as we did in the edit form. So from method post
the action will be
route
questions dot destroy
and pass in the question id
inside the form we need to tell what method
is gonna be using. So method_field
delete
And we also need to define the csrf token.
so we can say `scrf_token`. Or start from Laravel 5.6
we can simplify this with blade directive
like so.
And here we can also change these to
@method
And the last but not least let's add a submit button
so button type submit
the class let's say btn btn-sm
btn-outline-danger to make it in
red color
and we need to confirm deletion
when user click this button so on click
return
confirm the message will be
Are you sure?
And the text will be delete
Save the changes and let's see
ups route questions
destory
Sorry this should be
where is it questions
dot destroy save reload again.
Alright, here the buttons are stacked,
because the form tag has display block by default
So here let's add a class
let's say form-delete save and then let's open
assets
app.scss
and here let's define css rule for `form-delete`
form form dash delete
and here we simply change the display to inline
save that and make sure you run laravel mix
OK
Let's see
All right
Now both edit and delete button are on one line.
Next let's click the button
Here we have the confirmation message show up.
If we hit the OK as you may guess we'll get a blank page.
So this code to our editor and open questions controller and then go to destroy method.
And here we simply say
question delete to actually delete the record from our database and after the question successfully
deleted
we'll redirect to all questions
such as we did in store and update method
The message will be your question has been deleted.
Save that.
Sorry I missed the semicolon here.
Save that and reload the page hit the continue.
Now we have the deletion message and the question has been removed.
Let me try one more time.
Okay great.
Now we have delete button fully functional and we almost implement full set of CRUD functionality in our
application in the next lesson
we're going to work on creating the view for viewing individual question
So right now when we click this we'll get a blank page.
So we are going to work on the showing the question detail.
All right
Don't forget to save your work to your git repo
Take a break and join me in the next lesson.